Make sure s3fs uses the session rather than stale token after expiration (#278)
awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## v0.38

- [#278](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget/pull/278): Fix for

>   a bug that causes the access token to expire and cause a Job to fail if
>   processing of an object takes more than an hour

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a bug that caused a job to fail if the processing of an object took longer
  than the lifetime of its IAM temporary access credentials.
```
